Summary of 2015
---------------
> Jayin Ton

I prefer to use my poor English to write this article. Because I write this for myself and the one who really want to know my situation.What's 
more , this summary was written in a few cold and alone night.

### Application

[EManual](http://www.iemanual.com/) is Android App(right now) created at Apirl 2014.I planned to release v2.0 at beginning of 2015.The work was done at time at the end of March.But I don't keep hot maintain this app and related documentation.Because I work as a intern frontend developer from April to September.Frontend is extremely hard for me.The reason is simple ,I'm not good at writing the layout in CSS.If someone ask me when you feel programing is fucking me.That's my answer.

Finally,I chose EManual to become my graduation project.And I will bring a lot features in v3.0 in 2016.Hope to make a release as soon as possible. 

### Skill enhancement

I never thinking about one thing, that's I will go to do the frontend stuff.In Apirl, Ocean toke me to Shenzhen and got start to do some html5 promotion campaign project.To be honest , writing layout in CSS is very tought and diffcult to me.Because I was influenced a lot by Android Layout Design.The layout concept in between Web and Android is much diffencet.

Although I get hurt in Shenzhen.I still be thankful for the chance to drive me into the frontend world.In my opinion, frontend has a bright tomorrow but get stuck in the browser compatibility.By the way, this intern frontend opens my mind, learn a lot stuff (such the concept of SPA, module bundle and so on) which ever got hear.Right now, I always try to write the tool in Node.js instead of Python.I think `JavaScript is best programming language`

### Occupation
 
I work at Shenzhen from Apirl to September as a frontend developer.Actually, I felt in love with it.But I known it won't be the my actually occupation.As the above said,I'm not good at creating UI in CSS and I always spend double event tribble time to finish.The boss won't like this kind of employee.You may ask,why try to  only write the logic code and to do the basic architecture for frontend.The answer is it's hard to find such a team.

By the way, I decide to join Zhutibang in October, write App and backend.It's hard to become a successful startup company but we're on the way.

### Love story

I become a sigle dog since December 2 in this year but I still keep the special paper which my girl friend gave me in last 11.11.To be honest, I consider its last one love story that happened and take her into the end.But we're broken at last for that I spend very few time 
to pay attention to her.It's my fault.I'm able to well blance the thime between work and her.Once break never back.

I feel more free after experiencing that.I have less responsibility and more time to focus on work.

### Mind change

Here is outline of my mind changes
* If pay for something can make you move faster,then pay for it.Time is more expensive than your money.
* The world is such big, you need to get out to learn more about it.For example,law
* Keep learning and say hello to the changing
* Programming is a part of life but not all. Trying to keep you mind opening.Just to learn some law or bussiness.
* Read more fucking coding and book

### `Where's is there?`

I hear this sentence from [Fritx](http://fritx.github.io).It express the confusing from our heart.Yeah,it's the most confusing time of the our life.We have not idea what will happend in next day, but we can enjoy and get use of today.
time right now.

